=pod

=head1 NAME

svn-clean-mergeinfo.pl

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Command line tool to consolidate C<svn:mergeinfo> properties to the root branch
node (C</trunk/> or C</branches/X.Y/>) and clean safely properties set on
sub-folders in a working copy tree.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

=over

=item C<svn-clean-mergeinfo.pl [--debug] [--verbose] [--nowrite] [path ...]>

consolidates C<svn:mergeinfo> properties in a Subversion working copy to the root
node. 

If the option C<--nowrite> is enabled, consolidated properties are not written
to the working copy but only reported as a summary.  If one or more path are
given as parameters, only consolidate this subset.

When the option C<--nowrite> is not set, C<svn:mergeinfo> properties are
persist in the current working copy every 500 checked revisions. This threshold
can be tuned with C<--checkpoint> option. A value of 0 means no intermediate
write will occur.

=item C<svn-clean-mergeinfo.pl --status [path ...]>

prints a summary of C<svn:mergeinfo> properties content as numbers of merged
revisions for each branch. If one or more path are given as parameters, reports
only information for this subset.

=back

=head1 OPERATION

This script must be invoked from a Subversion working copy directory, usually a
checkout of /trunk or of a branch.

First it parses C<svn:mergeinfo> and scans for branch/revisions on non-root
folders, eventually limited to paths given as arguments.

If a revision is already included at the root node level, it is discarded from
sub-folders.

If a revision only modifies files included in the scan sub-folder, it is
discarded from the sub-folder and appended at root level.

In some cases, a branch name is non consistent with the current node name, so
it is left as-is for a manual check if the revision content was partially
merged or not.

Without C<--nowrite> option, every 500 revisions (defined by checkpoint) and
after operation is completed, the working copy C<svn:mergeinfo> are modified so
that you can inspect the result before a commit. If the C<svn:mergeinfo>
property is empty, it is planned for removal.

In addition, the C<--prunebranches> option discards non-live branches from
C<svn:mergeinfo> properties to keep them compact after long history.

This script does not trigger a Subversion commit to the repository. That
operation is under your responsability after manual checks and validations.

It finally reports a summary of C<svn:mergeinfo> properties content as numbers
of merged revisions for each branch.




=head1 OPTIONS

=over

=item B<-h>, B<--help>

prints a brief help message and exit status is -2.

=item B<-m>, B<--man>

prints the manual page and exit status is -2.

=item B<--warranty>

prints usual "no warranty" message and license information.

=item B<--verbose>

prints progress messages to the standard output.

=item B<--debug>

prints debug messages to the standard output.

=item B<--prunebranches>, B<-p>

discards no longer live branches from C<svn:mergeinfo>. A test for paths on
repository HEAD is done.

=item B<--nowrite>, B<-n>

disables C<svn propset> operations of consolidated C<svn:mergeinfo> properties.

=item B<--checkpoint>, B<-c> afterRevisions

change write threshold which defaults to 500 analyzed revisions. 0 means the
script no longer partially update working copy as checkpoint.

=item B<--status>, B<-s>

only reports a summary of the current working copy C<svn:mergeinfo> properties.

=back

=head1 BUGS AND KNOWN LIMITATIONS

=over

=item *

Does not support any file name in working copy containing " - ".

=item *

Does not support non-inheritable merged revision, marked with a star.

=back

=head1 TODO

=over

=item *

Test with non-standard repository structure.

=item *

Prompt for removal of a non-existing origin branch path.

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2012  Yves Martin
This program comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it
under certain conditions

=cut
